Documentation Update (#381)
ansys/pydynamicreporting: doc/source/lowlevelapi/TemplateObjects.rst

Sets the filter mode of the template. Takes as input a string. See
get_filter_mode for the accepted values.

> **template.reorder_child(target_child_template, new_position)**

Author: Don't understand this comment from Copilot.

> Reorder a child template within the children list to a specified position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reorders a child template within the list of children to a specified position.

```
